Fixed #36000 -- Deprecated HTTP as the default protocol in urlize and urlizetrunc. (#19240)
django/django: docs/ref/settings.txt

:setting:`USE_X_FORWARDED_HOST` takes priority over this setting.

.. setting:: URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS

``URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS``
-----------------------

.. versionadded:: 6.0
.. deprecated:: 6.0

Default: ``False``

Set this transitional setting to ``True`` to opt into using ``https://`` as the
default protocol when none is provided in URLs processed by the

> :tfilter:`urlize` template filter during the Django 6.x release
> cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:tfilter:`urlize` template filter during the Django 6.x release cycle.
```

:setting:`USE_X_FORWARDED_HOST` takes priority over this setting.

.. setting:: URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS

``URLIZE_ASSUME_HTTPS``
-----------------------

> Default: ``False``
> 
> A boolean that specifies whether to use ``https://`` as the default protocol
> when none is provided in URLs processed by the :func:`~django.utils.html.urlize`
> template filter. When ``False``, ``http://`` is used as the default protocol.
> 
> This setting helps prevent security issues by ensuring URLs are accessed over HTTPS
> by default, which is especially important for password reset links and other
> security-sensitive URLs.
> 
> .. deprecated:: 5.2
>     This transitional setting will be removed in Django 6.0, after which
>     ``https://`` will always be used as the default protocol.
> 
> See also :setting:`SECURE_SSL_REDIRECT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 6.0
.. deprecated:: 6.0

Default: ``False``

Set this transitional setting to ``True`` to opt into using ``https://`` as the
default protocol when none is provided in URLs processed by the
:func:`~django.utils.html.urlize` template filter during the Django 6.x release
cycle.
```
